Low in power, but because it's easy to(FFFF)
carry it's a favourite among travelers.(FFFF)
Its low weight also makes it easy to use(FFFF)
even for the weak.(FFFF)
A one-handed shortsword. It's easy to(FFFF)
handle, cheap, and strong for what it is.(FFFF)
It's standard issue army equipment in(FFFF)
some countries.(FFFF)
A special dagger made for parrying attacks(FFFF)
rather than offense. A good defensive tool(FFFF)
but difficult to use properly.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
Forged from meteoric iron, its edge is(FFFF)
keenly sharp. Its rippled blade, adorned in(FFFF)
engravings, is both beautiful and lethal.(FFFF)
Skill: Critical(FFFF) 
This slender blade does not make its weight(FFFF)
felt. Inflicts minor damage, but allows its(FFFF)
wielder to make successive rapid attacks.(FFFF)
It's said to be intended for use by master(FFFF)
swordsmen. The design is a bit silly, with(FFFF)
a horse and star logo. Its dull edge makes(FFFF)
combat difficult, thus doubling experience.(FFFF)
A sword for ascetics.(FFFF)
A one-handed longsword. Easy to use and at(FFFF)
a reasonable price, it is used by experts(FFFF)
and novices alike. Good for slashing and(FFFF)
piercing.(FFFF)
A two-handed longsword as tall as a man.(FFFF)
It's heavy and hard to wield for the(FFFF)
average soldier, but the width and weight of(FFFF)
the blade is capable of crushing armor.(FFFF)
Its blade is made of mythril. It has both a(FFFF)
sharp edge and moderate weight. Of all(FFFF)
non-magical swords, it is the deadliest.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A magical sword that freezes its opponents(FFFF)
on strike. Its blade was forged from(FFFF)
unmelting ice. Grants its wielder command(FFFF)
of ice magic.(FFFF)
From its hilt flows plasma in the shape of a(FFFF)
blade. The power of the thunder god Raijin(FFFF)
has been sealed inside, granting the use of(FFFF)
thunder magic.(FFFF)
A cursed magical sword forged with human(FFFF)
blood. Due to the poison smeared on its edge(FFFF)
even small cuts can be lethal.(FFFF)
Skill: Poison Attack 4(FFFF)
A legendary sword rumored to be able to cut(FFFF)
through steel. It is said that its sharpness(FFFF)
can even cleave dragons in two.(FFFF)
Effective versus dragons.(FFFF)
Heroes of legend once wielded this holy(FFFF)
sword. It's said to grant the bearer divine(FFFF)
protection. Effective against demons and(FFFF)
allows the use of Holy Blaze.(FFFF)
A sword crafted in the era of an ancient(FFFF)
magic civilization. It's installed with a(FFFF)
small mana-drive powered canon that can fire(FFFF)
once per day. Otherwise, it's fairly light.(FFFF)
A cursed sword forged by Lord Chaos. Bozel's(FFFF)
weapon of choice, as it is said those the(FFFF)
sword deems worthy gain providence over all(FFFF)
demons. Reduces attack cost by 5.(FFFF)
In the ages that dark and light warred,(FFFF)
Sieghart sacrificed his own life to forge(FFFF)
this sword. Blessed by Lushiris, it opposes(FFFF)
Alhazard. Reduces attack cost by 5.(FFFF)
A small, one-handed axe. It's often used for(FFFF)
hunting and the like due to its convenient(FFFF)
size and ease of use. As a weapon it's(FFFF)
pretty weak, but the price is right.(FFFF)
A large battle-axe with a double-edged blade(FFFF)
attached to the end of its long shaft. For(FFFF) 
some it would take all their strength just(FFFF)
to lift it. Increases attack cost by 3.(FFFF)
An axe made of mithril. Its huge head has(FFFF)
monstrously destructive power, yet it's far(FFFF)
lighter than other axes. Increases attack(FFFF)
cost by 1.(FFFF)
A cursed axe that inspires fear in its(FFFF)
victims and madness in its wielder. Those(FFFF)
who use it become reckless in the throes(FFFF)
of bloodlust. Increases attack cost by 4.(FFFF)
A giant axe with the runes for silence and(FFFF)
destruction engraved in its head. Not only(FFFF)
is it powerful, its weight is made lighter(FFFF)
by magic. Increases attack cost by 2.(FFFF)
The Aniki bros always carry these around.(FFFF)
Enjoy the convenience of working out(FFFF)
anywhere, anytime! They suck as weapons, but(FFFF)
it's said they will endear you to the Aniki.(FFFF)
A primitive weapon made simply of hard wood,(FFFF)
but it's got some weight to it that gives it(FFFF)
good striking power. Increases attack cost(FFFF)
by 3.(FFFF)
A type of mace with a spiked ball chained(FFFF)
to the shaft. Its attacks are difficult to(FFFF)
avoid and hit hard, but it's not easy to(FFFF)
use. Increases attack cost by 2.(FFFF)
A type of mace with metal spikes on the end(FFFF)
used to strike the opponent. Fairly powerful(FFFF)
and uncomplicated to use. Increases attack(FFFF)
cost by 2.(FFFF)
A magic hammer that responds to its owner's(FFFF)
willpower. Every strike consumes 2MP for a(FFFF)
20% attack increase. When out of MP, it(FFFF)
becomes a 20% penalty.(FFFF)
A cudgel said to have been used by the god(FFFF)
Dagda. Due to its excessive size and weight,(FFFF)
merely lifting it is impossible for ordinary(FFFF)
men. Increases attack cost by 4.(FFFF)
Thor's hammer. When thrown, it disintegrates(FFFF)
the enemy like a lightning strike before(FFFF)
returning to hand. Said to grant Thor's(FFFF)
protection. Increases attack cost by 2.(FFFF)
A long lance primarily used to throw riders(FFFF)
from their horse. With horsepower behind the(FFFF)
strike, it can penetrate even plate armor.(FFFF)
Increases attack cost by 3.(FFFF)
A spear made from mithril that's lighter(FFFF)
and more durable than the average lance.(FFFF)
It can pierce straight through its foes.(FFFF)
Attack cost +3, Skill: Critical(FFFF)
A bloodthirsty spear that has passed through(FFFF)
many hands. Its strikes are weak but it(FFFF)
siphons the life force of opponents to the(FFFF)
wielder. Increases attack cost by 4.(FFFF)
A magic lance said to be the incarnation of(FFFF)
a fiery demon. Undying flame blazes from its(FFFF)
tip and body. Grants command of fire magic.(FFFF)
Attack cost +2, Skill: Critical(FFFF)
It's thought that this spear was used by(FFFF)
a legendary dragoon and grants the divine(FFFF)
protection of the wind spirits.(FFFF) 
Attack cost +2, Skill: Critical(FFFF)
A magic lance that longs for battle, able to(FFFF)
sense impending bloodshed and bursting into(FFFF)
flame when it does. Difficult to reign in.(FFFF)
Attack cost +2, Skill: Critical(FFFF)
Used for self-defense as well as a focus for(FFFF)
spell-casting. It's a common tool among(FFFF)
apprentice mages.(FFFF)
Spell range +2, spell damage +1(FFFF)
A unique staff only carried by fully-fledged(FFFF)
mages. Useless as a weapon, but augments(FFFF)
the user's focus while casting.(FFFF)
Spell range +4, spell damage +1(FFFF)
It's tipped by a beautiful crystal that(FFFF)
amplifies its user's magical efficacy.(FFFF)
Spell range +5, spell damage +1(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A rod only great mages may possess. Its(FFFF)
spell enhancing design allows the caster's(FFFF)
power to thoroughly express itself.(FFFF)
Spell range +8, span +1, damage +1(FFFF) 
Inlaid in its tip is a quarts inside which(FFFF)
rests a demon in the form of a flame.(FFFF)
Powerful mages can command it.(FFFF)
Spell range +5, spell damage +1(FFFF)
A staff brimming with vitality, it not only(FFFF)
increases the body's healing capabilities(FFFF)
but grants the use of healing magic.(FFFF)
Spell range +5, damage +1, Skill: Regenerate(FFFF)
A staff thought to have been used by a great(FFFF)
wizard of legend. It grants the user the(FFFF)
ability to cast powerful spells.(FFFF)
Spell range +7, span +2, damage +1(FFFF)
When the Dragon King took human form, he(FFFF)
was said to have used this staff. Casting(FFFF)
and standby cost 5 less action points.(FFFF)
Spell range +6, span +2, damage +1(FFFF)
A small bow that's almost 80cm long. Its(FFFF)
range is short as a result, but it's easy(FFFF)
to carry around.(FFFF)
Range: 7 blocks, attack cost: 10(FFFF)
A longbow made of oak. Powerful and long(FFFF)
ranged, but requires a fair amount of(FFFF)
training to use.(FFFF)
Range: 10 blocks, attack cost: 16(FFFF)
These magic bows are wielded by master elven(FFFF)
archers. They have excellent range but are(FFFF)
a bit bulky.(FFFF)
Range: 14 blocks, attack cost: 20(FFFF)
It's small enough to fit in one hand but(FFFF)
grows in size as the string is drawn. Gifted(FFFF)
from a god to a prince in a distant land.(FFFF)
Range: 14 blocks, attack cost: 22(FFFF)
The moon goddess' bow. Arrows it flies are(FFFF)
said to be imbued with magic of the moon,(FFFF)
sending enemies into a stupor.(FFFF)
Range: 18 blocks, attack cost: 30(FFFF)
Full-body armor hammered from steel plate.(FFFF)
It makes injury by normal attacks an(FFFF)
impossibility, though it hampers mobility.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
Plate armor made of mithril, for which it(FFFF)
is very light relative to other plate armor,(FFFF)
but offers excellent protection.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
Mithril armor reserved for renowned knights.(FFFF)
The ornate grooves cut into its body make(FFFF)
the armor lighter without compromising(FFFF)
its strength. Attack cost -5 (troops too).(FFFF)
Made from the unusual orichalcum ore, it(FFFF)
protects the wearer by reinforcing their own(FFFF)
aura. For that reason it's far lighter than(FFFF)
it appears, but offers superb defense.(FFFF)
Armor that engulfs the entire body, shaped(FFFF)
like a massive humanoid. There is a seat in(FFFF)
the torso in which the user rides. ZEAR-1 is(FFFF)
written on the shoulder. A gift from aliens.(FFFF)
It's thought that the earth mother bestowed(FFFF)
this divine armor unto her followers. It has(FFFF)
slight resistance to magic, and sometimes(FFFF)
miraculously restores the wearer's vitality.(FFFF)
Armor knit from chain links, it outperforms(FFFF)
plate armor in manoeuvrability. It's a(FFFF)
staple among soldiers for its solid(FFFF)
performance at a fair price.(FFFF)
A type of chainmail that includes a breast(FFFF)
plate. The plate is made of mythril, thus(FFFF)
keeping it lightweight.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A leather armor sewn with dragon scales.(FFFF)
It's lighter than steel, absorbs impact,(FFFF)
and resists heat and cold, but due to its(FFFF)
rare material the few that exist are pricey.(FFFF)
An armor of legend worn by the hero Aeneas.(FFFF)
Its superb design is credited to the god of(FFFF)
the forge. No weapon can even scratch it.(FFFF)
Reduces attack cost by 3 (troops as well).(FFFF)
Armor made from several layers of leather(FFFF)
boiled in oil and hardened. A bit heavy, but(FFFF)
nothing compared to metal armor. It's strong(FFFF)
in its own right.(FFFF)
Wax for bodybuilders. It can be rubbed to(FFFF)
a shine on the body, but offers no defense.(FFFF)
In fact, it's highly flammable, but it may(FFFF)
make the Aniki like you.(FFFF)
An apron dress worn by maids. It's lined(FFFF)
with many wavy frills. They say you can(FFFF)
become a maid if you wear it. Only women(FFFF)
can equip it.(FFFF)
They're just ordinary clothes, so don't(FFFF)
expect much in the way of defense. But, it's(FFFF)
better than wearing nothing.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A garment made from sturdy fabric. It's(FFFF)
spacious and light, often worn by mages.(FFFF)
It's been weakly enchanted to protect(FFFF)
against magic.(FFFF)
A belt worn by Thor to augment his power.(FFFF)
Those he deems worthy to wear it are said(FFFF)
to gain his powers.(FFFF)
Increases attack by 5%.(FFFF)
A strange bikini that is resistant to all(FFFF)
kinds of magic. It barely covers anything,(FFFF)
but somehow, it offers a bit of protection.(FFFF)
Naturally, only women can wear it.(FFFF)
A robe that emits a mysterious aura. The(FFFF)
magic imbued within it not only softens the(FFFF)
impact of physical blows but is resistant(FFFF)
to magical threats.(FFFF)
A feathered dress worn by the tennyo. It has(FFFF)
high resistance to magic. It's said whoever(FFFF)
wears it can befriend the tennyo. Only(FFFF)
women can wear it.(FFFF)
A vestment worn by the priests of Chaos. The(FFFF)
stains of sacrificial blood have left it a(FFFF)
strange color. It also reeks, but it is(FFFF)
necessary for the summoning ritual of Chaos.(FFFF)
A delicate dress worn by the goddess of(FFFF)
light. Those who wear it gain the blessing(FFFF)
of Lushiris. Fervent believers can even call(FFFF)
on her direct aid. Skill: Antivenom(FFFF)
Greaves made of tanned leather. The defense(FFFF)
they provide is minimal, but because they're(FFFF)
inexpensive many soldiers use them.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
Boots made with steel plates to protect the(FFFF)
feet from all manner of threats. They're(FFFF)
quite effective.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
Strange magical boots adorned with white(FFFF)
feathers. When worn, the body becomes so(FFFF)
light that you can run as though flying. The(FFFF)
lost possession of a mischevious fairy.(FFFF)
A blessed holy cross. The bearer's troops(FFFF)
receive divine protection, slightly boosting(FFFF)
their defense and resistance.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A necklace hiding the curious power to charm(FFFF)
others. It increases the user's ability to(FFFF)
command troops and allows the employ of one(FFFF)
additional troop (up to a maximum of 6).(FFFF)
An amulet that wards off misfortune, dressed(FFFF)
with emeralds. Because of its strong magical(FFFF)
resistance it is preferred by combatants who(FFFF)
will be up against spellcasters.(FFFF)
A ring bearing a gem enchanted by the lord(FFFF)
of the undead. It's said the spirit's power(FFFF)
protects the wearer's troops against enemy(FFFF)
magic. It also increases the power of mages.(FFFF)
An ankh made of amethyst. It not only wards(FFFF)
troops from enemy magic, but bolsters their(FFFF)
spirits. It is said to sometimes invoke a(FFFF)
spell of protection.(FFFF)
A golden ring in which a protective rune has(FFFF)
been engraved. Wearing it grants the(FFFF)
protection of a mysterious divinity. It's(FFFF)
preferred by commanders of vanguard troops.(FFFF)
A golden ring in which a rune of power has(FFFF)
been engraved. Wearing it allows one to(FFFF)
demonstrate immense strength. It's preferred(FFFF)
by commanders of vanguard troops.(FFFF)
A beautiful silver tiara. It holds the power(FFFF)
to enhance one's magical abilities. Only(FFFF)
women can wear it.(FFFF)
INT +5, spell range +4, spell span +3(FFFF)
A beautiful golden crown decorated with gems(FFFF)
of many colors. Its wearer is granted divine(FFFF)
majesty and a supernatural authority over(FFFF)
others. Action cost -3 (troops as well)(FFFF)
Platinum earrings inlaid with twinkling(FFFF)
diamonds. They aid one's focus while casting(FFFF)
and curb fatigue. Reduces spell costs 75%.(FFFF)
Spell span +1, magic standby cost -3(FFFF)
A mystical glowing veil blessed by the gods.(FFFF)
Its holy power has the ability to restore(FFFF)
spiritual energy. Only woman can wear it.(FFFF)
INT +5, casting cost -15, spell standby -10(FFFF)
Many heroes who brought their nations great(FFFF)
prosperity have worn this necklace. Said to(FFFF)
grant rule over all, it allows the command(FFFF)
of 6 troops and augments their abilities.(FFFF)
A legendary crown worn by the Dragon Lord.(FFFF)
It inspires leadership in those who wear it,(FFFF)
and the strong in particular are said to(FFFF)
receive his power. INT +5(FFFF)
A silver headband engraved with wind runes.(FFFF)
Those who wear it become effortlessly apt(FFFF)
in their weapon proficiency.(FFFF)
Reduces attack cost by 15 (troops as well)(FFFF)
A mysterious stone engraved with an ancient(FFFF)
rune. As the rune has yet to be deciphered,(FFFF)
it is also called the Stone of Secrets.(FFFF)
Its purpose is shrouded in mystery.(FFFF)
Made of clear, beautiful crystal, it has the(FFFF)
wondrous effect of amplifying its owner's(FFFF)
magical power. Enables spellcasting at the(FFFF)
caliber of a high-order mage. MP +50%(FFFF)
A sword-shaped amulet that promises to(FFFF)
protect its wearer in battle. It can also(FFFF)
empower troops by increasing their morale.(FFFF)
 (FFFF)
A fire demon has been sealed inside this(FFFF)
crystal, creating an unquenchable flame at(FFFF)
its center. It amplifies spells and wards(FFFF)
against fire. MP +50%, spell range +1(FFFF)
An amulet conferred to the virtuous by the(FFFF)
king of heaven. The troops of those who(FFFF)
carry it also receive his blessing.(FFFF)
INT +15
A talisman made with the feathers shed by(FFFF)
archangels. It's coveted for its quality of(FFFF)
being highly spellproof. Among priests it is(FFFF)
believed to give the archangel's protection.(FFFF)
A holy ring worn by the goddess of light. It(FFFF)
is said to make the wearer an avatar of the(FFFF)
goddess, maximizing their magical abilities(FFFF)
and resistance. Spell range +3, span +2(FFFF)
A pact with Chaos, written in blood. Its(FFFF)
dark power strengthens troops and protects(FFFF)
them from magic, but weakens them to holy(FFFF)
attacks. INT +8, spell standby -3(FFFF)